Rephrase some strings to a less technical language (#24)
Vanilla-OS/website: _posts/2022-12-29-vanilla-os-22-10-kinetic.md

It achieves this by installing software inside one or more containers fully
managed by Apx having restricted access to your system’s resources while still

> being able to use the same drivers, displays, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
being able to use the same drivers, hardware, graphical apps, etc.
```
This is the one used for distrobox. I seem to have missed this when writing the docs.

Author: You can't run host GUI applications from inside the container, can you?

Reviewer: > You can't run host GUI applications from inside the container, can you?

Yeah, you can't in distrobox they are meaning Wayland/X11. But I guess we can leave the hardware alone.

Author: You mean both drivers and hardware? That sounds good to me.

Reviewer: > You mean both drivers and hardware? That sounds good to me. 

Sure I guess.

![Apx Control Center](/assets/uploads/vanilla-os-apx-control-center.png)

Graphical applications installed inside apx containers are automatically added 

> to the Applications menu as well as the “Open with” menu in the file manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the Applications menu as well as the “Open with” menu in the file manager (`nautilus`). 
```

Author: I guess you really like nautilus 😛 There's really no reason to clutter the sentence with this. The name 'nautilus' is only ever used as a codename, it's never exposed to the user.

Reviewer: > I guess you really like nautilus 😛 There's really no reason to clutter the sentence with this. The name 'nautilus' is only ever used as a codename, it's never exposed to the user. 

Agreed, I will mark this as resolved 🙂
